Alt G + C to enable/disable github copilot suggestions

Designing the data structure
1. Single line command
2. Single line form
3. Usercontrols for each block type (saved inside draggable objects)
4. Each form will have data properties that are both the same and some different

- I can have each form carry its own data
- Save it under Data
- Retrieve it with GetData

How do I save the data?
1. Update the Data property of each usercontrol when the single line diagram form closes
2. Store the draggable objects as json inside a sub folder in which the CAD is saved named "GMEP Saves/SLD"

When do I save the data?

Load Calculation Rundown
- A load calculation is an estimate of the total load that will be on a panel for a unit of that type
- Panels are named "P*unit type*" like P1 is panel of type Unit-1

1. General Lighting is 3VA * SQFT
2. Small appliance is 1500VA per counter recep, typically 2 for a kitchen and is typically 3000VA, if there is a kitchen and a bar far apart, then they could get 6000VA for this
3. Laundry is 1500VA
4. Bathroom 0VA unless asked, then 180VA * receps in bathrooms
5. Dishwasher is 1200VA per DW
6. Microwave is 1500VA per MW
7. Garbage disposal is 1200VA per GD
8. Bathroom Fans are 200VA * # of bathroom fans
9. Garage Door Opener is 1200VA * # of garage door openers
10. Dryer is 5000VA, if gas then 180VA
11. Range is 8000VA, if gas then 180VA
12. Refrigerator: 1000VA
13. Water Heater: 5000VA per WH, can be placed under General Load or under its own category if we want the panel to be larger

- Range is a stove top and an oven combined

Single line
- Transition section, what is it?
- Add tap section
- Add drip loop section

TODO
1. Disable Set XFMR Location when the XFMR is set to N/A or when Set Distribution Location has not been used
2. Change the backcolor of the ItemTab to Control
3. Add Distance from Distribution if no transformer, else add Distance from XFMR and Distance from XFMR to Distribution
4. Disable Set Breaker Item Location until Set Distribution Location is used
5. Add transition section block after asking residential about it
6. Add tap section
7. Add drip loop section
8. Update the forms of the other components to match the distribution form

TODO
1. Remove Load Calculation from type and have options for either "Panel Schedule" or "Load Calculation" when the user selects panel
2. Make the section for the distribution form slightly taller

Is there an advantage to using Blocks for everything that I create?
- Blocks can be updated in 1 section and repeat the change across the drawing
- Changing a value in the program could update the block instead and allow the user to not recreate and reposition the item

What work flow should the user have?
- Load calculations and panel schedules determine the size of the new services

What information is needed for a complete single line diagram to be made?
1. Number of distributions and their locations
2. On the distribution; the number of units, the unit type, and the unit location

TODO
1. Make a form where a user can fill out the different unit types

Load Calculations are done
- Per unit
- Per building (or service)
- Per meter section (or breaker off service)

TODO
3. Create a block and put the load calculation form inside
4. Add an update button to loadcalculationform
5. Attempt to update the block with new form data